#	Animals Data

	platypus.jpg			Platypus				Originally regarded as a hoax, the Platypus is a small furry mammal which lays eggs, has an electrically sensitive bill, webbed paws, and spends much of its time in the water.
	echidna.jpg				Echidna					The Echidna is a small mammal with a long snout and is covered in spines. It lays eggs; after the eggs hatch the baby echidnas live in the mother’s pouch until they become too pricly for the mother’s comfort.
	kangaroo.jpg			Kangaroo				Kangaroos range in size from small to large, and there is a type kangaroo for just about every environment in Australia. They are famous for their marsupial pouch and their method of locomotion which is to jump about on their large hind feet. Wallabies are smaller, though their different diets indicate different teeth.
	wombat.jpg				Wombat					Wombats are about a meter in length, and are a furry burrowing herbivorous animal, spending most of their time underground. They have pouches which face backward so that their young don’t get inconvenienced by the dirt when the mother is burrowing.
	tasmanian-devil.jpg		Tasmanian Devil			The Tasmanian Devil is about the size of a dog. They hunt small mammals, but despite the cartoons, feed mainly on the remains of already dead animals.
	koala.jpg				Koala					The Koala is a tree-dwelling marsupial renowned for mostly sleeping and occasionally eating leaves. They rarely drink, but rely more on the moisture on the leaves. Koalas are good climbers, and can make a lot of noise.
	kookaburra.jpg			Kookaburra				The Kookaburra is the largest Kingfisher (bird) in the world, known best for its cackling laughter. They eat small lizards and snakes, but will occasionally attack picnicers for their lunch.
	emu.jpg					Emu						The Emu is a large flightless bird, which can be up t 2 metres tall. The female lays large eggs, after which the male incubates them and looks after the young.
	bilby.jpg				Bilby					The Bilby is a mammal about the size of a rabbit, with large ears and a long tail. In recent years, it has become threatened; on the other hand, it has also received a lot of attention, especially as a replacement for the Easter Bunny.
	possum.jpg				Possum					The possum is a tree dwelling marsupial, though it will do nicely in your roof. They eat fruit and leaves, and seem to like those in your back yard. They have a long prehensile tail which helps with its climbing activities.
	tawny-frogmouth.jpg		Tawny Frogmouth			The Tawny Frogmouth is a bird resembling an owl, though, unlike owls, it catches prey with its beak rather than its talons. It eats mostly insects, with the occasional frog or so to relieve the boredom. When not actually moving about, it closely resembles a tree branch.
	lorikeet.jpg			Lorikeet				The Rainbow Lorikeet is a bird of the parrot family known for its spectacular colours. It is also known for the damage it can do to fruit trees, which explains why many farmers have lost their enthusiasm for it, despite the bird’s friendliness.
	galah.jpg				Galah					The Galah is a bird of the Cocatoo family with pink and grey colouring. They eat maily seeds. The only way to tell the difference between male and female is to look at their eye colour, though one imagines the galah uses other methods.
	wedge-tailed-eagle.jpg	Wedge-tailed Eagle		The Wedge-tailed Eagle is one of the largest eagles in the world, with a wing span of 2.5 metres. They are excellent predators, though they will also feed on road kill, which is the human contribution to the food cycle.
	frill-necked-lizard.jpg	Frilled Necked Lizard	The Frilled Neck Lizard is a little under a meter in length, with a spectacular frill around its neck, contributing somewhat to its name. The frilled is folded out to discourage predators and competitors.
	goanna.jpg				Goanna					The Lace Monitor, aka Common Goanna, is a large lizard, up to 2 metres long. It is darkish in colour and eats insects and small reptiles and mammals. Its name may derive from the Iguana, which is a completely unrelated species.
	crocodile.jpg			Saltwater Crocodile		The Saltwater Crocodile is the world’s largest reptile averagin 4 metres, but up to 7 metres. It is endangered, but not so much as anybody trying to take a swim nearby. The sex of hatchling is determined by the temperature of the egg.
	fairy-penguin.jpg		Fairy Penguin			The fairy penguin is small penguin. When not doing its bit for Australian tourism, it shares its time between the south Coast of Australia and very much colder places.
	lyrebird.jpg			Lyrebird				The Lyrebird is a songbird standing at a little under one metre, but that includes its tail which looks rather like a lyre. It is also a remarkable mimic, and can sound like other animals or artificial sounds.
